docs: various fixes (#2606)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Schema/cube.md

### dataSource

Each cube in schema can have it's own `dataSource` name to support scenarios where data should be fetched from multiple databases.
Value of `dataSource` parameter will be passed to [`dbType`][ref-config-dbtype] and

> [`driverFactory`][ref-config-driverfactory] functions as part of context param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`driverFactory`][ref-config-driverfactory] functions as part of the context paramameter.
```

Reviewer: A minor suggestion 😅
